please say hello to eighty Bryant
[Applause]
thanks for uh you know indulging me in
that well though you were on Saturday
life this weekend and now here you are
you flew out here to be here thank you
for doing that what was it like it was
gonna be scarier but it felt like a
normal plane were there people on it was
it people were on it and we all had
snacks
mm-hmm everybody got off mm-hmm no
problem I'm a hero
you write for Sara alive also right yeah
and of course you write your own show
yes what our which is more in fun or
hard or whatever to to write for because
you're writing for yourself entirely on
on your show and yeah well I mean
they're two very different beasts right
you know like SNL I'm like in a wig and
it's kooky and I might play a chicken or
who knows what but but on trill I'm like
much closer to myself you know and and
sometimes you're writing sex scenes then
and then as I'm writing them with the
writers room or whatever I forget that
it's like I'm writing for my own crotch
you know it's my own body that will have
to do those things not a third party
that's right not just someone who's
coming to speak of the sex scenes I was
watching the show and there's a very
funny scene or you and your boyfriend
are in the park and then it's like Boy
Scout troop yeah sexy what are your
parents think about the sex scenes
because yeah I don't think they like
loved him they don't yeah yeah and like
you know my my dad basically I think
asks my mom to tell them when they're
done so he leaves the room oh he does
yeah he can't handle and he's right yeah
my mom when I first told her like oh
there's gonna be some sex scenes in the
show she she did ask me she was like do
you have to make the noises I think she
maybe thought someone would dub in like
but I was like it's me do you have to
make the noises yeah yeah ooh and your
family is most excited about your show
business career oh gosh well I mean
everyone oh my grandma is like a true
diehard
okay me in Tucson she um but she's been
like my number one fan from day one you
know nice yeah she really thinks I can
do no wrong and she thinks that I should
do a lot more in entertainment like
she's always pushing me to sing and I'm
not a singer and and every time pretty
much every time that I visit her she's
like sing for us she'll be like who
should sing some Judy Garland back in
the day that's how they used to
entertain each other someone would step
up and be like hello baby
for television but now even like when my
brother and I are together she's like
you should be a singing duo no real
travel the country and I'll tell you we
should not you should not be a singing
duo
no it's not a good idea your show trill
is set in Portland
yeah do you shoot it in Portland oh yeah
do you I love it there it's the best
like food is incredible um actually yeah
it's just it's a dream it's a cool town
this is Rory yeah and is that that where
you initially decide because I know
you're from Arizona or originally yeah I
wanted to get away from the family was
that right no no I mean that's you know
the show is based on a memoir then set
in Pacific Northwest so we kind of
wanted to stay true to that but yeah
it's really nice my husband like comes
and visits me on the set yeah on the set
and you know we like to make a little
time of it actually we went to this
restaurant called Ned Ludd which is like
it's very fancy place and they make
everything from scratch including like
the butters and the rolls and the
vegetables that grow there and yeah but
they sat us on this like communal bench
kind of so it was like us and another
couple and we're the ladies seated next
to me and but I noticed that they were
like acting very weird you know they
kept looking at each other and then
looking at us and they didn't order any
food
this place where everything is like
about the food and then they just paid
for their drinks and the whole time I
had felt like a vibration that I thought
her phone was going on
uh-huh and then right as they paid for
the check she like turned to me and was
like it's a remote-control vibrator and
it's amazing and I was stunned to my
core and I realized how different our
vibes were yeah I had gone there to eat
like 3,000 calories of like homemade
butter and they had gone there to like
be horny in public same here I went to
an all-girls Catholic school right and
in Phoenix I lived in Phoenix for a few
years I know that school you want to
it's a bad one how did you come away
from that feeling more Catholic or less
well I wasn't Catholic to begin the
whole time I was there I was like what's
going on everybody's standing and
singing and Wow yeah you got to know the
things yeah like you know I grew up
Catholic as well and uh you know when I
go to church I know the right times do
things and I like to lord it over those
who don't I didn't and I was at all
times like what were you in like the
theater and all that stuff in school
yeah I did the announcements like at my
school every day yeah yeah oh and we did
him like over the little TV or whatever
like a real oh circuit - you had a video
announcement system yeah it was operated
by a nun yeah my nun camera man so
you're doing a little TV show every
morning I mean it was about volleyball
time yeah when they tell you what you
were gonna say or would you prepare it
going in a little bit of both they would
like give us the times and you know I
would like do you like everybody get to
practice at this time but yeah every now
and then I would kind of like jazz it up
and our Dean would get really scared
that I was gonna
go rogue and like say something nasty
uh-uh and so she would often sort of
like pull me off to the side and be like
you can't be flip the flip this isn't
gonna fly on the TV is I think she
thought I was flipping which I'm not I'm
like emotionally unwell because I care
so much yeah did that make you like a
celebrity in the school that people saw
you on the closed-circuit each day I
guess you could say the teens of Phoenix
Arizona really thought I was something
well the show is very funny both shows
are very funny of course I live in
season two of shrill is on Hulu now
eighty brave everybody
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it